£250,000

See how much I could borrow
1 bed flat for sale
St. Dunstans Road, London SE25
1 bed

1 bath

1 reception

EPC Rating: D

Chain free
Share of Freehold
Stirling Ackroyd - South Norwood

Logo of Stirling Ackroyd - South Norwood
View agent properties

Call agent
Email agent


About this property
One bedroom apartment

Ground floor accommodation

Beautifully presented

Modern kitchen and bathroom

Share in the freehold

Allocated parking space

A beautifully presented, bright, and spacious, one bedroom ground floor apartment offered for sale with no onward chain.

Situated in a cul-de-sac, just a short walk from Norwood Junction Station, this delightful property exudes contemporary and stylish living space.

Affording a variety of features, including a share in the freehold, 991 year lease, allocated parking space, and direct access on to a communal garden, the residence represents an ideal first-time buy.

Presenting spacious accommodation, this stunning property presents a substantial living room, impressive kitchen, double bedroom and a modern bathroom. Additionally there is a large cupboard providing ample storage.

The property is located in a central position close to a variety of amenities including coffee shops, bars, restaurants, parks and transport links. This includes Norwood Junction with easy access to London Bridge, Victoria, Blackfriars and Canada Water.


Hide full description
Local area information


-- mins 
Add a travel destination

Stations
Norwood Junction

0.2 miles

Selhurst

0.7 miles

Birkbeck

1 miles

Thornton Heath

1 miles

Schools
Harris Professional Skills Sixth Form

0.06 miles

Age: 16 - 19

Ofsted: Good

Harris Academy South Norwood

0.1 miles

Age: 11 - 19

Ofsted: Good

Beckmead College

0.2 miles

Age: 14 - 19

St Mark's Church of England Primary Academy

0.3 miles

Age: 4 - 11

Ofsted: Good

These distances are calculated in a straight line. The actual route and distance may vary.

Zoopla insights
Sign in and gain expert analysis to make informed decisions

Stamp duty calculator
Our instant calculator helps you understand how much stamp duty is due on property purchases in England & Northern Ireland. Read the latest stamp duty news