£400,000

See how much I could borrow
Studio for sale
John Mills Court, Denham Garden Village, Denham, Buckinghamshire UB9
EPC Rating: C

Retirement
Leasehold
Frost Partnership - Gerrards Cross

Logo of Frost Partnership - Gerrards Cross
View agent properties

Call agent
Email agent


About this property
Retirement

Independent Living

Two bedroom ground floor apartment with level enclosed access to the central facilities. Award winning development for the over 55's. Reserved Parking. Patio Garden.

A rarely available two bedroom ground floor apartment within the central building of Denham Garden Village, thus ensuring a level, enclosed walk into the facilities within the heart of this multi award-winning development for the over 55's. Within this central atrium are a swimming pool, steam room, jacuzzi, fitness studio, gym, hairdresser, coffee shop, bar, restaurant, snooker, village hall, activity room, library, laundrette and village shop. The property is of a modern design and benefits from a cloakroom as well as a Jack and Jill ensuite shower room with level access shower. The kitchen offers a range of beech fronted base and wall mounted units including space for washing machine and slimline dishwasher. In addition there is a built-in fridge and freezer, electric oven and grill, gas hob with extractor over and a 11⁄2 bowl sink unit. There is a modern, gas fired central heating boiler and the property is fitted with sealed unit double glazed windows with the main rooms facing onto the gardens and patio. The whole development has been built with independent living in mind for the over 55's and this particular property comes with a 24-hour assistance call system whilst being designed for flexible and adaptable living.


Hide full description
Local area information


-- mins 
Add a travel destination

Stations
Denham

0.5 miles

Denham Golf Club

0.7 miles

Gerrards Cross

2.3 miles

Uxbridge

2.9 miles

Schools
Denham Green E-ACT Primary Academy

0.2 miles

Age: 4 - 11

Ofsted: Good

Denham Village School

1 miles

Age: 4 - 11

Ofsted: Good

Harefield Infant School

2 miles

Age: 3 - 7

Ofsted: Good

Harefield Junior School

2 miles

Age: 7 - 11

Ofsted: Good

These distances are calculated in a straight line. The actual route and distance may vary.

Zoopla insights
Sign in and gain expert analysis to make informed decisions


Planning applications

Crime rates

Flood risk


